Machine Learning trend in 2017.

1. What is Machine Learning
Machine Learning (ML) has revolutionized the world of computers by allowing them to learn as they progress forward with large datasets, thus mitigating many previous programming pitfalls and impasses. Machine Learning builds algorithms, which when exposed to high volumes of data, can self-teach and evolve. When this unique technology powers Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications, the combination can be powerful. We can soon expect to see smart robots around us doing all our jobs – much quicker, much more accurately, and even improving themselves at every step. Will this world need intelligent humans anymore or shall we soon be outclassed by self-thinking robots? What are the most visible 2017 Machine Learning trends?
In the research areas, Machine Learning is steadily moving away from abstractions and engaging more in business problem solving with support from AI and Deep Learning. In What Is the Future of Machine Learning, Forbes predicts the theoretical research in ML will gradually pave the way for business problem solving. With Big Data making its way back to mainstream business activities, now smart (ML) algorithms can simply use massive loads of both static and dynamic data to continuously learn and improve for enhanced performance.

2. Democratization of Machine Learning in the Cloud
Democratization of AI and ML through Cloud technologies, open standards, and algorithm economy will continue. The growing trend of deploying prebuilt ML algorithms to enable Self-Service Business Intelligence and Analytics is a positive step towards democratization of ML. In “Google Says Machine Learning is the Future”, the author champions the democratization of ML through idea sharing. A case in point is Google’s Tensor Flow, which has championed the need for open standards in Machine Learning. This article claims that almost anyone with a laptop and an Internet connection can dare to be a Machine Learnin expert today provided they have the right mind set.

3. 2017 Machine Learning Trends in Research
The provisioning of Cloud-based IT services was already a good step to make advanced Data Science a mainstream activity, and now with Cloud and packaged algorithms, mid-sized ad smaller businesses will have access to Self-Service BI and Analytics, which was till now only a dream. Also, the mainstream business users will gradually take an active role in data-centric business systems. Machine Learning Trends – Future AI claims that more enterprises in 2017 will capitalize on the Machine Learning Cloud and do their part to lobby for democratized data technologies.

4. Demand-Supply Gaps in Data Science and Machine Learning will Arise
The business world is steadily heading toward the prophetic 2018, when according to McKinsey the first void in data technology expertise will be felt in US and then gradually in the rest of the world. The demand-supply gap in Data Science and Machine Learning skills will continue to rise till academic programs and industry workshops begin to produce a ready workforce. In response to this sharp rise in demand-supply gap, more enterprises and academic institutions will collaborate to train future Data Scientists and ML experts. This kind of training will compete with the traditional Data Science classroom, and will focus more on practical skills rather than on theoretical knowledge.

5. Humans and machines: separation of functions
If the threat of intelligent machines taking over Data Scientists is really as real as it is made out to be, then 2017 is probably the year when the global Data Science community should take a new look at the capabilities of so-called “smart machines.” The repeated failure of autonomous cars has made one point clear – that even learning machines cannot surpass the natural thinking faculties bestowed by nature on human beings. If autonomous or self-guided machines have to be useful to human society, then the current Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning research should focus on acknowledging the limits of machine power and assign tasks that are suitable for the machines and include more human interventions at necessary checkpoints to avert disasters. Repetitive, routine tasks can be well handled by machines, but any out-of-the-ordinary situations will still require human intervention.


Introduction:
Seed box is a remote server host which is used for uploading and downloading of digital files safely with high speed bandwidth. It uses P2P connection which point to point network for high speed downloads and uploads. The speed range for seed box is from 10Mbit/s to 10Gbit/s. After the seed box helps to acquire the files, the person who has access to the seed box can download the files anonymously. The seed box also have other features like secure remote desktop, automation tools, OpenVPN and more.

Function:
For the function of anonymously downloading or uploading something the seed box uses Bit Torrent protocol, though they have been used on eDonkey2000 network. Seed box uses high speed network to stay connected with the speed of 10Mbit/s or even 1Gbit/s. There are many who also gives a speed of 10Gbit/s. Seed box is a term which is generally used by the torrent committee people where they use a dedicated server or VPS for uploading the torrent files or increasing the tracker. Once the seed box has downloaded all the files from the servers or any other source than the user who has access to the seed box can download the files by using the various protocols like HTTP, FTP, SFTP etc. This helps the user to stay anonymous and also removes the worry about the share ratio. The seed box is basically used by the users who wants to share and download on the torrent with high bandwidth.

How to use a seed box ?
A seed box has a user inter face where there one or more clients who can log in with your choice of browser and can control the seed box remotely. The clients are basically the user who want to browse for the torrents like movies, music, games etc. Once you have been logged in the seed box you can browse all the torrent files as well as all the torrent-URl and once they had been loaded it will automatically start downloading and send the torrent afterwards with no tracking of the IP of the remote desktop the user has just used to log in and keeping it anonymous for other seed box users. After you have downloaded the torrents it waits for your command to download the files from the torrent. This torrent files are downloaded using FTP or SFTP to the seed box using FTP client connection, some of the vendors also let you to download directly from the web browser. This prevent any torrent traffic from home connection but, he/she can only legitimate FTP/HTTP connection that is only permitted by ISP.

What do you get from a seed box ?
High speed download 
Seed box are the ones inside data centres that provide incredibly high speed data to the users. The users get the speed from 10Mbit/s to 1Gbit/s. The speed of the seed box is so fast that it is because of the hard disk that the speed is being control. Some of the vendors are also now providing SSD seed boxes in order to provide a greater speed that a normal seed box. Seed box is a reason where you don’t have to wait for larger files to be download. Seed box provide a speed where an OS can be download in 40s, a full blue ray movie in just 2minutes. There is only one limitation to the seed box is that after you have downloaded the file to the seed box it take usual time to be downloaded from the seed box to your pc which depends on your personal network.

Privacy/safety :
As seed box helps you to download torrents from the internet you don’t have to worry about any legal action coming at you as they are remotely hosted. The reason behind is that you’re not actually using the Bit Torrent protocol which monitor’s your IP address. Which makes more difficult for the person to be tracked or to be targeted for downloading torrents, some of the vendor’s also provide free VPN so that your anonymity is maintained. Like when you pay either from your credit cards or from Bitcoin you don’t have to worry about your personal information is being shared with the seed box provider. So if you want to download torrents without being seeing in the internet or stay anonymous on the internet than you can use seed box.

Ratio:
Most of the public tracker like The Pirate Bay is not provides by many of the seed box because the companies that track and find torrent users are mainly tracked by the public users that’s why it is sensible by not providing public tracker in the seed box. In the public tracker than it will create a problem to maintain the ratio of downloading the files as well as uploading the files. That’s the reason why public tracker is not being included in the seed box. Whereas seed box make it simpler for the user to maintain the ratio. It provide you a large hard drive which helps you to download a file using a private tracker and then upload the file by it’s own which needed no action by the user and also maintains the ratio of the site. As in the above line it gives one more advantage of the seed box that it automatically maintain the site ratio without any help given by the user.

Circumvent ISP’s :
ISP’s can come to very risky when we start using their business. The biggest disadvantage of the ISP is that when it know that you are using more bandwidth than it shape your traffic by slowing down the speed. Whereas a seed box does not do that it doesn’t use torrent traffic on your home ISP.

Convenience :
Seed boxes are better convenient than using the torrents directly by giving you a high speed bandwidth, you can also track RSS feed by downloading the files as soon as they are releasing and anonymously browsing the data with user friendly interface which is very easy to use.